1: to be or not to be
1:  that is the question
1:  Whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of Outrageous Fortune or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them to die to sleep
1:  no more
1:  and by a sleep to say we end the heartache and the Thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to tis a consummation devoutly to be wished to die to sleep to sleep perchance to dream there's the rub
1:  for in that sleep of death What Dreams May Come when we have shuffled off this Mortal coil must give us pause there's the respect that makes Calamity of so long life for who would bear the whips and scorns of time the oppressors wrong the proud man's contumely the pangs of despised love the laws delay the insolence of office and the spurns that patient Merit of the Unworthy takes when he himself might his quietus make with a bare Bodkin
1:  and the moment
2:  who would fardels bear to Grunt and sweat under a weary life but that the dread of something after death the Undiscovered Country from whose Bourn no traveler returns puzzles the will and makes us rather bear those ills we have than fly to others that we know not of thus conscience does make cowards of us all and thus the native Hue of resolution is sicklied O'er with the pale cast of thought and Enterprises of great pitch
1:  with this regard their currents turn awry and lose the name of action soft you now
1:  nymph
1:  the fair Ophelia
1:  in thy orisons
1:  good my Lord how does your honor for this many a day I humbly thank you well
1:  be all my sins remembered
1:  well
1:  well my Lord
1:  I have remembrances of yours that I have longed long to redeliver I pray you now receive them
1:  no not I
1:  I never gave you all my Lord you know right well you did
1:  and with them words of so sweet breath composed as made the things more Rich their perfume lost take these again for to the noble mind Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind
1:  they're milord
1:  are you honest my Lord are you fair what's means your lordship that if you be honest and fair your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty could Beauty have better Commerce than with honesty I truly
1:  with the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can translate Beauty into his likeness
2:  this was sometime a paradox
1:  but now the time gives it proof
1:  I did love you once you did you made me believe so should not have believed me for virtue cannot so inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it I loved you not I was the more deceived
2:  get thee to a nunnery
2:  why wouldst thou be a breeder of Sinners I am myself indifferent honest but yet I could accuse me of such things
2:  it were better my mother had not borne me I very proud
1:  revengeful ambitious with more offenses at my Beck than I have thoughts to quit him into imagination to give them shape or time to act them in what should such fellows as I do crawling between Earth and Heaven we were arrant knaves all believe none of us
2:  go thy ways to a nunnery
1:  where is your father
2:  then let the doors be shut upon him
1:  that he may play the fool nowhere but in his own house
1:  at home my Lord
2:  farewell helping you sweet Heaven if thou Dost marry I'll give thee this plague for thy Dowry Peter was chaste as ice as pure as snow Thou shalt not Escape calumny get thee to a nunnery go farewell or if thou Wilt needs marry marry a fool for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them to a nunnery go and quickly too farewell I have heard of your paintings too well enough God
2:  I have given you one face and you make yourself a mother you jig and you amble and you lisp that you nickname God's creatures and you make your wantonness your ignorance go to I'll know more Aunt it has made me mad
1:  we will have no more marriages
1:  I say
1:  those that are married already all but one shall live
1:  the rest
1:  shall keep
1:  as they are to a nunnery
2:  love his affections do not that way tend know what he spake though it lacked formal
1:  go